There are also other ways in which we could mess this up.
Let's say we're manually changing you or L or we got a invalid link in our app or anything like that
and hence we're trying to fetch a place which doesn't exist right now.
This is the user experience we're offering.
Not really that great is it.
Right.
We get an error here.
This is not really looking that good.
Well certainly not the user experience.
We want to offer.
We all want to handle that case so here is a working case with an idea and that is the broken one.
So we want to catch errors like this and show a message to the user.
So let's go to the edit offer page and first of all for the spinner that should be centered.
But that's a minor thing.
The more important thing is that I want to handle my error here.
Not the good thing is when you are subscribing as we are doing it here when we're fetching a single
place.
We've thus far only cared about the function we passed subscribe as our first argument.
I'm saying first argument because it turns out that the subscribe method takes more than one argument.
You can pass a second function in there too.
And this will be the function that is triggered when an error occurs and that is of course the function
here that allows us to handle that error and save the day provide a better user experience.
For example here we could show an alert to the user and ask the user if he wants to go back to a different
part of the app that should work or anything like that.
And that is exactly what I will do here.
I will inject the alert controller provided by ionic so the alert controller which is imported from
at ionic angular and the alert controller can now be used here in that error function to create a new
alert.
Obviously where I set the header to an error occurred and then a message where I maybe say plays could
not be fetched.
Please try again later.
And then here I will simply add one button and that will be the okay button here
to be precise I'll add object here so that I can now set the text but also define a handler so that
I can define a function that should run Windows OK.
Button is pressed and here I'll use my rotor to navigate the user to slash plays says.
Taps offers let's say of navigate the user away.
Now just as before this gives us a promise where we get this alert element and I can then simply call
alert l precedent to show this.
And now we should have a way better a user experience.
Now when does reloads it breaks and we get this alert and if I click OK I've navigated a way hopefully
to a place that now works and if I now go back to editing here this would work.
So this is now a way of handling that error.
And this is something you of course could consider for all the places were making HBP requests and to
ensure that you have the best user experience possible.